README.md, before:

King Abdullah University of Science and Tech 

SSE_Project2_KhaliedAlBarrak  ID 118541
==========================================================

Project "two" for the Scientific Software Engineering. This project is asking to use all the skills we have developed up to this point.

- version control
- makefiles
- debugging
- performance analysis
- unit tests
- code organization
==========================================================

The code used to implement my skills is:
----------------------------------------
ImageProcessing, this project mainly used to manipulate and edit images since it is offering many functions that you can find information about them
in the interfaces file/.h files. One of the main functions is the removeBackground since its takes a sample image and an image and try to remove the
the background of the entered image by using the colors in the sample Image and that is done with the help of the threshold value that is passed during
the running of the exe file. Not only this function, but there are many other useful functions that you can use in the project.
 
==========================================================

How to run the project?
-----------------------

After compiling the project, App.exe will be produce. The App.exe file needs 4 inputs; 1) the sample image, 2) the image that you want to work on,
3) the name of the output image file, 4) A threshold value.

 Also, you can get this info if you try to run the App.exe file without passing any input, Example of output:
 
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	- C:\Users\User\SSE_Project2_KhaliedAlBarrak>App											  -
    -																							  -
	- Usage:																				      -
	-	App SampleImageFile InputImageFile OutputImageFile ThresholdValue                         -
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
============================================================

The Makefile:
-------------
 This make file allow the user to apply many things one the code:
 1- Compiling in many modes
	a - Debug mode
	b - Optimize mode
	c - Profiling mode
	d - Normal mode
	e - testing mode
 2- Running the code:
	- This is useful since for checking if the code has been compiled correctly or not, but when you use it you may get an error massage in your terminal
	Since "make" not usually used for running the code. Though, if found the very usful even if it produces a small error that has not real effect.
 3- Cleaning the code :
	- This will clean everything except the source code files, README files and Makefile
--------------

Make files targets and description:

Targets				Usage 				Description
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
all				|	make			|	- This will compile the project in a normal mode with no optimization or anything else
debug			|	make debug		|	- This will compile the project in a debugging mode using -Wall option and you can add the memory boundary checking
				|					|	if it is needed.
optimize		|	make optimize	|	- This will compile the project in a optimized mode (-O3) and that will make the exe file run faster
profile			|	make profile	|	- This will compile the project in profiling mode (-g -pg) and this used for analyzing the performance of the functions
				|					|	that ran during the execution. 
				|					|	Note : after you "make profile" you may use "make Run" in order to produce the "gmon.out" file that contains all the info.
				|					|	then type in the terminal: gprof ./App gmon.out, in order to view and check the analysis of your program
test-all		|   make test-all	|	- This will running a python file the will run 3 available test to check some of the functions of the project				
Run				|	make Run		|	- This will run the .exe file with this parameters: App GreenScreenSample.ppm frame.ppm $(ImageName) 40
clean 			|	make clean		|	- This will remove all the unwanted files in the project such .0 files, .exe files and some other files 	
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Fix Application.c by adding return 0 at the end of file since it was causing problem when try to run it from makefile. README file by changing some of the descriptions

README.md, after:

King Abdullah University of Science and Tech 

SSE_Project2_KhaliedAlBarrak  ID 118541
==========================================================

Project "two" for the Scientific Software Engineering. This project is asking to use all the skills we have developed up to this point.

- version control
- makefiles
- debugging
- performance analysis
- unit tests
- code organization
==========================================================

The code used to implement my skills is:
----------------------------------------
ImageProcessing, this project mainly used to manipulate and edit images since it is offering many functions that you can find information about them
in the interfaces file/.h files. One of the main functions is the removeBackground since its takes a sample image and an image and try to remove the
the background of the entered image by using the colors in the sample Image and that is done with the help of the threshold value that is passed during
the running of the exe file. Not only this function, but there are many other useful functions that you can use in the project.
 
==========================================================

How to run the project?
-----------------------

After compiling the project, App.exe will be produce. The App.exe file needs 4 inputs; 1) the sample image, 2) the image that you want to work on,
3) the name of the output image file, 4) A threshold value.

 Also, you can get this info if you try to run the App.exe file without passing any input, Example of output:
 
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	- C:\Users\User\SSE_Project2_KhaliedAlBarrak>App											  -
    -																							  -
	- Usage:																				      -
	-	App SampleImageFile InputImageFile OutputImageFile ThresholdValue                         -
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
============================================================

The Makefile:
-------------
 This make file allow the user to apply many things one the code:
 1- Compiling in many modes
	a - Debug mode
	b - Optimize mode
	c - Profiling mode
	d - Normal mode
	e - testing mode
 2- Running the code:
	- This is useful since for checking if the code has been compiled correctly or not or you want to just run it; since I found that
	very usful and it will save a lot of time
 3- Cleaning the code :
	- This will clean everything except the source code files, README files and Makefile
--------------

Make files targets and description:

Targets				Usage 				Description
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
all				|	make			|	- This will compile the project in a normal mode with no optimization or anything else
debug			|	make debug		|	- This will compile the project in a debugging mode using -Wall option and you can add the memory boundary checking
				|					|	if it is needed.
optimize		|	make optimize	|	- This will compile the project in a optimized mode (-O3) and that will make the exe file run faster
profile			|	make profile	|	- This will compile the project in profiling mode (-g -pg) and this used for analyzing the performance of the functions
				|					|	that ran during the execution. Then it will run the project and gprof it.
				|					|	then type in the terminal: gprof ./App gmon.out, in order to view and check the analysis of your program
test-all		|   make test-all	|	- This will running a python file the will run 3 available test to check some of the functions of the project				
Run				|	make Run		|	- This will run the .exe file with this parameters: App GreenScreenSample.ppm frame.ppm $(ImageName) 40
clean 			|	make clean		|	- This will remove all the unwanted files in the project such .0 files, .exe files and some other files 	
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
